# final-project
The structure of my website is fairly straightforward and the navigation bar and footer follow the same pattern across the three pages, so those two sections were first constructed. Originally, the intention was to stick to the hi-res wireframe, which was to show all three buttons that link to three pages, but the result was not ideal in the mobile view as the text was too small in the navigation bar. Then I searched on Bootstrap trying to find a way to activate a button through which users can open and collapse the menu for the three links. Eventually, I used "toggler classes" to achieve the result, which was a lot easier than I expected.

There were many things that I needed to re-learn as I worked through the project because my memories of details taught during the classes faded a bit. It slowed down my overall progress but the result was rewarding. References, mainly including the learning resources on Brightspace and internet information, were needed to figure out the functions of Bootstrap features which are very convenient when it comes to constructing responsive images and text in a grid. Sometimes, it's easy to forget how powerful it is when using Bootstrap to adjust margin or padding, which was reminded by AI, an essential assistant for modern coding. It also introduced to me the "g" class which stands for "gutter" that adds space between columns and rows.

One of the biggest lessons was learned when I was coding the customized colors for the pages, which was overridden by the "success" and "warning" classes that I used initially for convenience. The customized color didn't work until I figured it out, a process that took a long time. I usually liken building a website to constructing a building. One builds the structure, followed by adding the details and content. However, building a website is slightly different as it's difficult to pinpoint the problems after most of the coding lines are cluttered together. Next time, I need to optimize the coding process and try to make sure each section is almost perfect before moving on to the next one.

My design philosophy is minimalism - achieving maximum functionality with minimal visual elements to remove unnecessary distraction. It also streamlines my coding process while making the entire structure clean and neat. It doesn't mean I always try to achieve the final result without putting much effort into the process, as I tried to balance the usage between Bootstrap and CSS to achieve the same result. Some new design elements were tweaked as I was building the website, such as adding business hours to the footer and using grid for the content in the footer section. The new ideas were needed when I found the original design didn't provide the best viewing experience because the text in the footer would be too big in the desktop mode if I stuck to the original design.

I wouldn't say I didn't complain at all during the coding process especially when I didn't make my coding work properly from time to time, but it is far from challenging. It's a fun process and thank you so much for teaching us everything that you have to offer in this semester.
